Multiple doc updates (#242)
LIT-Protocol/docs: docs/migration/overview.md

:::caution

The Lit development team will not be migrating the access control conditions that have been "stored" in the `jalapeno` and `serrano` networks but we will continue to maintain support for them for a finite period of time. Therefore, we will request users to migrate to `habanero` and `manzano` networks.

:::

> If you wish to continue using these access control conditions for encryption or signing JWTs, please continue using the V2 SDK. But still we will recommend users to migrate to V3 SDK as it supports our new networks, `habanero` and `manzano`, which are not supported by V2 SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to continue using these access control conditions for encryption or signing JWTs, please continue using the V2 SDK. But we strongly recommend users to migrate to V3 SDK as it supports our new networks, `habanero` and `manzano`, which are not supported by V2 SDK.
```

Author: Done @Adarsh-Kumar28 :)
